We also have an option of creating the nested list.
So let me again delete the word list first and let's create a new one on our list.
But again it would work exactly the same way with both of them.
So again the syntax was you well.
And then within the unknown list we have the list item.
And again let's start first with John.
Then copy and paste it.
And the second one is gonna be peter and sarah.
So our simple on our list.
And Sarah.
But let's say that we would like to add some more specific information about Peter and in our case the
fact that he already knows h the amount CSF now within the list item.
So within the list item WHERE WE WOULD LIKE TO HAVE OUR NEXT LIST we will gonna create either on our
list or list.
So in our case let's switch it up a little bit and have it as a order list.
And again we're gonna have a list item in our case.
Let's say first one is gonna be email and let's copy and paste it.
And the second one is going to be the CSF.
So the moment will gonna save our HCM document.
We all gonna have John.
Then the Peter's gonna have already arrested list where not only he has a list item with just a name.
We're also going to have our order list within this list.
And this is how this is gonna be displayed.
And again you can get really creative with that if you'd like.
But just to let you know that this would also be your option.